Request Handlers, Custom Extensions, and Middleware, Oh My! (#67)
apollo-server-integrations/apollo-server-integration-aws-lambda: .changeset/chilled-teachers-bathe.md

---
'@as-integrations/aws-lambda': major
---

> Implement strictly type request handlers, custom handlers, and expose middleware functionality

Reviewer: This will be the note for the published CHANGELOG entry as well as the GH release. This should be a pretty at-length description of your changes. I think for the edge case / new stuff it's fine to point to readme (i.e. custom handler) but an example of what broke / how to transition v1 code to v2 should definitely go here.

You can probably take what you write here and make it your PR description + commit message as well, or they can at least be very similar.

---
'@as-integrations/aws-lambda': major
---

## Why Change?

In the interest of supporting more event types and allowing user-extensibility, the event parsing has been rearchitected. The goal with v2.0 is to allow customizability at each step in the event pipeline, leading to a higher level of Lambda event coverage (including 100% custom event requests).

## What changed?

> The second parameter introduces a handler that controls parsing and output generation based on the event type you are consuming. Not only did are there the 3 main event types we alreadys support, but there is a function for creating your own event parsers too in the case the pre-defined ones are not sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second parameter introduces a handler that controls parsing and output generation based on the event type you are consuming. We support 3 event types out-of-the-box: APIGatewayProxyV1/V2 and ALB. Additionally, there is a function for creating your own event parsers in case the pre-defined ones are not sufficient.
```
